---
title: "Steampipe Table: ibm_iam_access_group_policy - Query IBM IAM Access Group Policies using SQL"
description: "Allows users to query IBM IAM Access Group Policies, providing insights into the access control policies within IBM Cloud Identity and Access Management service."
---

# Table: ibm_iam_access_group_policy - Query IBM IAM Access Group Policies using SQL

IBM IAM Access Group Policy is a feature within IBM Cloud Identity and Access Management service that allows the implementation of access control for IBM Cloud resources. It provides a way to set up and manage access policies for various IBM Cloud resources, including virtual machines, databases, applications, and more. IBM IAM Access Group Policy helps manage the permissions for access groups, defining which resources can be accessed, and the actions that can be performed on those resources.

## Table Usage Guide

The `ibm_iam_access_group_policy` table provides insights into access group policies within IBM Cloud Identity and Access Management (IAM). As a security administrator, you can explore policy-specific details through this table, including resources, roles, and associated metadata. Use it to uncover information about policies, such as those with specific access permissions, the resources they are associated with, and the roles that are linked to them.

## Examples

### Basic info
Explore the creation and configuration of access group policies within IBM's Identity and Access Management (IAM) system. This query is useful for identifying the types of policies, who created them, and their assigned roles, which aids in understanding and managing access control in the environment.

```sql+postgres
select
  id,
  type,
  created_by_id,
  href,
  roles
from
  ibm_iam_access_group_policy;
```

```sql+sqlite
select
  id,
  type,
  created_by_id,
  href,
  roles
from
  ibm_iam_access_group_policy;
```

### List all system created policies
Explore which policies have been automatically generated by the system. This is useful for understanding and managing the default security settings in your IBM IAM Access Group.

```sql+postgres
select
  id,
  type,
  created_by_id,
  href,
  roles
from
  ibm_iam_access_group_policy
where
  created_by_id = 'system';
```

```sql+sqlite
select
  id,
  type,
  created_by_id,
  href,
  roles
from
  ibm_iam_access_group_policy
where
  created_by_id = 'system';
```